[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we're with Tim,
a tactical advisor
to covert analysts,
trying to understand the
missions and strategies
of non-human intelligences
on our planet.
Welcome, Tim.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> Contact scenarios are
happening around the world,
Tim.
How widespread is this?
>> That's a good
question, Emery.
So we very conservatively
estimated the numbers
of contact scenarios
at around 30,000
per year, which is
probably very much
less than the
actual numbers were
in the high times of
contact scenarios.
So this is a very
conservative number.
And we also think that
contact scenarios do not
take place once in a lifetime.
But people that get contacted
will get contacted frequently
throughout their lives.
So while this number of
30,000 cases per year,
it's very conservatively
put, we think
that there could
potentially be millions
of cases around the world that
basically have collectible,
memorized ideas of
what happened, or not.
They might not
even remember that
but this seemed to be a
mass phenomenon right now.
>> Well, what races are involved
and what's their motivation?
>> We do know that several
races do contact work that way.
We do know that some
reptilian races do it.
of the humanoid races--
Pleiades, Andromeda-- that
those races are doing it.
But we also found a
very interesting fact,
and that is that the Greys
are doing an extensive amount
of contact scenarios.
And they are not only
doing it for their own race
and their own hybrid children.
But they have also been
contracted by other races
in order to do the job for them.
>> If the Greys are a
fiber-constructed body,
how do they become
hybrids with human tissue?
>> Well, the Greys are pretty
much masters in genetics.
So what they do is they have
all these programs going
on where they collect
different genetic strains,
different genetics
that they could apply
onto different other species.
So while they are not
capable of, let's say,
natural reproduction,
they are very well capable
of altering and
modifying genetic strains
in potentially every
species around the universe.
>> Who are the other species
that the Greys are involved
with that are taking this
abduction to another level?
Why don't they just
do it themselves?
>> Right, so basically, their
services stands open for every
species throughout the
universe that contracts them.
So they do not exclude certain
species from their service.
So basically, every species that
has a certain operative mission
can contact the Greys
and use their services.
They proved pretty much
professional in what they do.
So they do it a lot.
And they have the
technology that
is necessary to do
these kinds of missions.
So that might be a reason why
a species contacts the Greys
instead of doing it themselves.
It's about resources.
So basically, when a
species has their offspring
on a certain planet,
which basically happens
on Earth-- so we have a lot
of hybrids going on here--
they want to make sure
of that those hybrids,
that they know where
they are, that they
can get in contact with them
whatever time they want.
But they might not have
enough personnel in the area.
They might be engaged
somewhere else.
They might not even be
very familiar with contact
scenarios.
So that is basically
when the Greys
get contracted and do
things for other species.
So basically, all these people
that report these scenarios
and having seen a Grey,
that might not necessarily
mean that you are an
offspring from the Greys.
It means that a Grey was
there to conduct something.
But it doesn't mean that you're
related to them necessarily.
>> You did mention
the Pleiadeans.
Who are the others?
>> Well, those are
mostly humanoid species.
We know Andromeda.
And we know Pleiades
have these kind
of contracts with the Greys.
There might be a lot of other
more covert contracts going on
that we don't know of.
>> A lot of the contactees
mention this praying mantis ET
in the background.
What do you know about this?
>> So basically, the Greys
themselves have other allies
which step in in
certain scenarios.
And we know that there is a
specific mantis-type species
that is working with the Greys
on these contact scenarios.
And they are kind of their
scientific assistants.
They are very highly
skilled in genetics as well.
And they especially have some
kinetic skills are pretty high,
which means they can perform
certain surgeries way better
than the Greys
with their fingers
and performing a lot of
other scientific operations
in the background.
So those species, they work
together very, very well, yes.
>> Fascinating.
You said the mantis works
well with the Greys.
Now, who is that serving?
Is it the Greys?
Is it the mantis beings?
>> Well, I think it's a
well-established partnership
between those two species.
And we know that the Greys
have undertaken the effort
to bring together certain
species for a common goal,
which is establishing a certain
order across the universe
so that life in the universe
can flourish in its own terms.
>> Other than the mantis beings,
are the Greys also working with
other beings that
you can talk about?
>> So yes.
Their approach is to collect
as many species as possible
and bring them together
under one roof, so to speak.
And they see
themselves as guardians
of this kind of procedure
and roof, this kind of house
that they build where they
put all these species.
And there are not
only the gray Greys.
But they have
different colors and
different
fiber-printed personnel
that they use on
different planets as well.
>> So who's benefiting
from these contacts?
Is it the extraterrestrials?
Is it the humans?
>> Well, that's a very
subjective question.
So some cases, especially
with certain reptilian races,
their contact scenarios
are usually a little darker
in the way they turn out.
So people sometimes make
those bad experiences
with contact scenarios.
Similar to what happens on Earth
when human team of scientists
go and put an implant into a
dolphin or any other species,
so the question might
be who is benefiting
from these kind of operations.
I would say that it
brings some security
to the life of the dolphin.
But I mean, you could argue any
other way around the scenario
and say it might be invasive,
disturbing the natural life,
some--
>> What type of information are
they trying to gain from these
implants that they put
into the contactees?
>> Yes, so basically, what
people might not know is that
basically, everyone who gets
contacted has an implant.
So this is one of
the procedures that
is potentially 100% certain
that they're going to do that.
Some of these implants
are more obvious.
Others are very hard to detect.
They usually put them
very close to the nerves.
So the reason for that is
that they collect certain body
information through
those implants.
>> Are they made out
of what material?
>> So basically, the
implants that they are using,
at least the Greys, they are
organically printed implants
that blend in with the
human system pretty well.
So they either put it in
one of the arms, the legs,
or the back of the head,
where the spine and the skull
connect.
And those implants, they
dock into the natural energy
source of the body.
So they don't have a
battery or something.
But they get energy
from the body itself.
>> Is there a pattern to
the selection of contactees?
>> Yes, there is a pattern.
So one might think
that they only
put-- contact people that might
be socially, very well situated
or something.
But that is not the case.
So money or position
or whatever,
it doesn't play
any role to them.
What they are looking for is
either hybrid material that
is coming from other species.
Or it is persons that are on
a specific spiritual path,
for example, and open
up for the possibility
to connect to a certain species
and so have this kind of soul
contract, if this makes sense.
So the Greys, as a
time-traveling species,
they basically wait for your OK.
And if you give it in one
of those timelines, then
they reach out to
you even when your OK
comes after they have contacted
you, which is often the case.
>> Is there something with
family lineages that might have
something to do with the
contactee or heritage?
>> Yes, so what we know is that
most of the people that get
contacted and have some
kind of relationship to some
nonterrestrial species,
that this is going
on in their family
for quite some time.
So there are certain
families that
might have reptile
genes in their heritage.
And they keep their
eyes on that, yes.
>> Is it possible that various
ET species who influenced human
DNA may be the reason why
different cultures, religions,
and countries on
Earth are in conflict?
>> Well, I think that the
enormous amount of diversity
that we have on the surface
level of planet Earth,
that this is kind of creating
a lot of turbulences.
And we see that
the influences that
come from outside of the
planet, that those influences
brought a lot of
challenges with them.
What we also see-- and this is
a very controversial topic--
is that throughout time, we
had certain power structures
on Earth, for example, heading
down power to the next child.
And I just want to
suggest that when
you have a species
that can reintegrate
into their own children, that
it would make total sense to set
up a system where
power is handed down
through the lineage.
>> And what are the
implications of that, Tim?
>> Oh, it's basically--
we've seen that certain
species use this planet
for their own advantages.
So basically, setting
up a power structure
so they themselves
can benefit from it.
And this is basically something
that we find throughout history
at all times.
And these beings
especially take advantage
of basically humans not knowing
what's going on in the world.
>> Right, what is the benefit?
>> Basically, the human
species as an ape species,
they look up to a certain
alpha monkey, so to speak,
in order to give
commands down to them.
And if another
species from outside
knows how that works and
how those social dynamics
among those human
species work, they
can use their intellect
and their knowledge
about how the universe is
structured and what's going on,
maybe even use the
psionic features just
to set up a system that they
can benefit from for generations
and generations to come.
>> How does a typical
contact scenario take place?
>> We have different phases
of contact scenarios through
a time, which has to do a lot
with the progress that humanity
has done preventing
certain interactions.
So basically, in the first
part of the last century,
we found that contact
scenarios were
much more physically and
much more direct in that way.
There wasn't anyone
preventing those scenarios.
And over time, we have seen that
those contact scenarios more
and more were conducted
in different ways
and different realms of reality.
We've seen a lot of
scenarios going from sleep
into a certain dreamlike
state where consciousnesses
gets information downloaded.
So this is basically
something that we've seen.
So if you're asking how those
contact scenarios take place,
mostly, they use a
certain frequency beam
on the whole house so
everyone in the house
gets into a certain
state of consciousness
where they are not alert
but basically very calm.
And then it's either a physical
presence, a physical contact
where beings come to
the bed, for example,
and collect someone.
Or it's more like
a dreamlike state
where people have these
weird communication, dreams.
And they remember them slightly.
So you definitely have those.
But the whole house basically
gets calmed in that way
through this energy beam.
>> What if they're in a
building with multiple people,
not just a single home?
Does everyone get
affected or just
the people they are trying
to make contact with?
>> Everyone gets
affected from that.
So basically, they use a more
powerful beam of this vibrancy
in order to calm
down the whole house.
So basically, everyone
who's sharing the same spot,
so to speak, gets affected
through that energy
and gets calmed in that way.
>> Is it possible that multiple
people can have a contact
experience that they all
share in the same home?
>> Well, that's an
interesting question.
I've actually not heard
about those cases.
So it's much more common that
we have individual cases where
certain people are specifically
selected and chosen.
But, of course, if there
are other people sleeping
in the same room, they could
get affected from that scenario.
And most of the time, we see
that their memories get wiped
so that they do not
remember what happened.
>> When people are physically
taken out of the room,
how do they go through
the wall or the ceiling?
>> Yeah, the question is, do
they get physically taken?
So what we've seen much more
often in the last few years
is a semi-physical
state of consciousness,
more like a out-of-body
experience or something
where the energetical
body gets separated
from the physical body.
And they get brought
to a ship or something,
to facility, to any
kind of location
where they can operate on them.
But, of course, there are
physical contact scenarios
as well, especially in the
first stages of contact
when people get their implants.
This is basically when
they need to make sure
that the physical component
the body gets lifted and gets
operated on.
>> So how does the 3D body
go through the structure
of the home?
>> Well, what we've seen quite
a lot is that these species can
open up certain jumpgates where
they can take a body and bring
it basically everywhere,
wherever they want.
>> So you said they go
to a craft possibly?
Or is it possible
maybe another planet?
>> Possibly it could
be another planet.
But what we see is that
it's most of the time
it's a craft or something.
It can be when some
species are involved
that own underground facilities
on this planet that people get
brought to these facilities.
That is often when people
describe other humans
in the background, for example.
And they say they are brought
into this military installation
or something.
>> You mentioned the jumpgate.
We've heard many times where
people are transported out
of a house or a room even
with livestock, for instance.
How does that happen?
Can you explain this jumpgate?
>> Right, so basically, all
points in the universe are
connected to eachother.
So what they do is open up
a folded amount of spacetime
and connect one point
with the other point.
So basically, they
can bring a body
through this kind of portal.
And it will instantly
appear on the other side,
which is a craft or an
underground facility
or something.
>> So is this similar
to teletransportation?
>> So this is another
technique that can be utilized,
which is basically dissolving
all the material components
of the body and setting
them back together inside
of the craft.
We have very few cases
where this happens
and where we've seen this.
It's rare.
And it's much more often
seen that these species,
when they do
physical abductions,
if you want to call
it that way, then
they use jumpgate technology.
>> How far back in someone's
life can they be contacted?
Can they go as far
back as the womb?
>> They can.
They can.
And it's an interesting
situation when people
get contacted in the womb.
Because the way we
understand it is
that when the
fetus gets created,
there might be different souls
that try to enter this body.
So on the one hand, there
is a natural mechanism
where one soul or two souls are
fighting over the same fetus
body to reincarnate,
so to speak.
But we also seen that when
species want a hybrid baby,
that they forcefully push
out one or another soul out
of the fetus and put in their
own energetical soul offspring,
so to speak.
>> Are hybrids more
likely to be contacted?
>> Yes, 100%.
100%.
So basically, every hybrid that
gets placed on this planet,
they make sure that
they contact them.
So they know where they are.
They can control their vital
functions, see their heartbeat.
They have certain
illnesses or something.
So they can basically
monitor that.
It's kind of investment,
so to speak, for them.
And they make sure that
those hybrids do not
get lost along the way.
>> So what comes first?
Is it the hybrid body
while it's gestating?
Or is it actually the
soul that comes in?
>> Well, if we're thinking
about this early in the stages--
and not all hybrids are
being placed into the womb.
But some are made along the
way by altering and modifying
the already existing genetic
profile that there is.
So basically, the
fetus is created first.
And then the specific
race does a lot
of modifications and
energetical alterations
so that the fetus itself can
hold the extraterrestrial soul,
so to speak.
So this happens inside of
the womb and the mother
already holding the
baby inside of her body.
And then when those
preparations are finished,
soul rejection process and
reintegration process starts.
>> When there's a
hybrid at a young age,
are they going through a special
school system because of this?
>> They do, actually.
They do.
So basically, every species
that put their hybrids
on this planet, they
see them as investments.
So they take care of them.
They do it in different ways.
But the most organized
way that we've seen
is the Grey school for hybrid
children, which is basically
a complete school system that
these hybrid children visit
each and every night.
They get collected with
their consciousness.
They are being brought
to these crafts.
They learn the Grey language,
which children do remember.
But they forget after some time.
They learn the operatives
and the missions
that the Greys are
doing, their philosophy.
They also learn something
about the human system as well.
So this is something
they get taught on.
And basically, they are
prepared for their mission
on Earth, which is a
connecting approach
between the human species
and the Grey species.
>> Are human governments
or agencies aware of this?
And do they support this?
>> They are aware of this.
I mean, there are so many cases
that's screaming so loudly that
people cannot overlook
this, actually.
So they are aware of it.
They even have their own
contracts, for example,
with the Greys in order
to prepare certain humans
for certain missions.
So this basically happens.
But then, again, there
is quite an effort
in order to prevent
certain contacts.
And at this moment,
it's actually
forbidden to do these
kind of contacts
without the proper
permissions and paperwork.
But that doesn't
mean that it's not
going on on different
other realms of existence
and reality.
So basically, it's not this
kind of open contact scenario
that we might have had like
50 years ago or something.
It's more subtle.
And species are aware
that they are not
allowed to do this anymore.
But they still do it in
different other ways.
So they cannot get controlled.
>> Right, many people are
making efforts to make their own
personal contact.
Do you think this
is a good idea?
>> I do, 100%.
So I myself have done
certain contacts outside
in the German forests.
And we had some tremendous
success with that.
And it's a way to get in
contact with these interstellar
families that there are.
And I can only motivate
each and every one
to go out there and get into
meditative state of mind,
do it with a group, do it with
people that you trust, that you
are connected with because
this is so much more powerful,
and then try these
human-initiated contacts.
Because basically,
there are a lot
of races, species out
there that are still
waiting for indicators that
humans want an open contact
scenario.
And the more people we
have that say, yes, I do
want to be connected with
certain other species,
the more those species know, OK,
there's someone asking for us.
And they might appear, yes.
>> Yeah, I think that's
a really great idea.
Do you believe
the ETs might have
an agenda of the
hybridization program
to control the population?
>> I think there are some
species that like the idea
of being in control.
But I would say the
vast majority of hybrids
is in order to make
peaceful contact possible.
>> Are governments and agencies
around the world trying
to block this?
Or are they promoting it?
>> They are definitely
trying to block it, yes.
Because on the one
hand, it creates a lot
of psychological turbulences.
It brings things out
of hand in that way.
So this is sensitive.
This is a sensitive
thing going on.
So yes, they would rather like
to see it not happening instead
of promoting it as something.
>> Now, there's many
DNA programs out there.
Some people think that
these programs are actually
to track hybridization.
What do you believe?
>> Yeah, I do
believe that as well.
So there are basically
two techniques--
basically, two techniques in
order to find out if someone
is a hybrid.
And this is by frequency or
by the genetic fingerprint
that people carry around.
So I would say that at
least some groups will have
an interest in those DNA kits.
>> Some people think there are
diseases and contagions out
there that affect hybrids and
force them into going to get
medical help and
also isolating them.
What do you think about that?
>> Well, I try to be
very careful here.
So basically, what we know
is that some nonbenevolent
species have done their
best in order to bring
some genetics into the human
body and the human species
in general in order to lower
their potential of evolution
and development, which
basically makes the body more
accessible for
illnesses, makes humans
die earlier than they should,
making it 70 years or something
instead of 300, which
could be possible,
but also lowering
their potential
of cognitive development.
So that is something that
people are quite aware of.
There might be genetic
solutions to that
in order to destroy the
negative programs that
are inside of human DNA.
>> Very fascinating, Tim.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>> Thank you, Emery,
for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]